from the Lord said to Moses now you
from the Lord said to Moses now you shall see what I will do to Pharaoh for
shall see what I will do to Pharaoh for
shall see what I will do to Pharaoh for with a strong hand he will let them go
with a strong hand he will let them go
with a strong hand he will let them go and with a strong hand he will drive
and with a strong hand he will drive
and with a strong hand he will drive them out of his land I am the Lord I
them out of his land I am the Lord I
them out of his land I am the Lord I appeared to Abraham to Isaac and to
appeared to Abraham to Isaac and to
appeared to Abraham to Isaac and to Jacob as God Almighty but by my name
Jacob as God Almighty but by my name
Jacob as God Almighty but by my name Maude I was not known to them
Maude I was not known to them
Maude I was not known to them I have also established my covenant with
I have also established my covenant with
I have also established my covenant with them to give them the land of Canaan the
them to give them the land of Canaan the
them to give them the land of Canaan the land of their pilgrimage in which they
land of their pilgrimage in which they
land of their pilgrimage in which they were strangers and I have also heard the
were strangers and I have also heard the
were strangers and I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel whom
groaning of the children of Israel whom
groaning of the children of Israel whom the Egyptians keep in bondage and I have
the Egyptians keep in bondage and I have
the Egyptians keep in bondage and I have remembered my government therefore say
remembered my government therefore say
remembered my government therefore say to the children of Israel I am the law
to the children of Israel I am the law
to the children of Israel I am the law I will bring you out from under the
I will bring you out from under the
I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians I will rescue
burdens of the Egyptians I will rescue
burdens of the Egyptians I will rescue you from their bondage and I will redeem
you from their bondage and I will redeem
you from their bondage and I will redeem you with an outstretched arm and with
you with an outstretched arm and with
you with an outstretched arm and with great judgments I will take you as my
great judgments I will take you as my
great judgments I will take you as my people and I will be your God then you
people and I will be your God then you
people and I will be your God then you shall know that I am the Lord your God
shall know that I am the Lord your God
shall know that I am the Lord your God who brings you out from under the
who brings you out from under the
who brings you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians and I will
burdens of the Egyptians and I will
burdens of the Egyptians and I will bring you into the land which I swore to
bring you into the land which I swore to
bring you into the land which I swore to give to Abraham Isaac and Jacob and I
give to Abraham Isaac and Jacob and I
give to Abraham Isaac and Jacob and I will give it to you as a heritage I am
will give it to you as a heritage I am
will give it to you as a heritage I am the Lord so moses spoke thus to the
the Lord so moses spoke thus to the
the Lord so moses spoke thus to the children of israel but they did not heed
children of israel but they did not heed
children of israel but they did not heed Moses because of anguish of spirit and
Moses because of anguish of spirit and
Moses because of anguish of spirit and cruel bondage and the Lord spoke to
cruel bondage and the Lord spoke to
cruel bondage and the Lord spoke to Moses go in tell Pharaoh king of Egypt
Moses go in tell Pharaoh king of Egypt
Moses go in tell Pharaoh king of Egypt to let the children of Israel go out of
to let the children of Israel go out of
to let the children of Israel go out of his land and Moses spoke before the Lord
his land and Moses spoke before the Lord
his land and Moses spoke before the Lord the children of Israel have not aided me
the children of Israel have not aided me
the children of Israel have not aided me how then shall Pharaoh eat me for I am
how then shall Pharaoh eat me for I am
how then shall Pharaoh eat me for I am of uncircumcised lips and the Lord spoke
of uncircumcised lips and the Lord spoke
of uncircumcised lips and the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron and gave them a
to Moses and Aaron and gave them a
to Moses and Aaron and gave them a command for the children of Israel and
command for the children of Israel and
command for the children of Israel and for Pharaoh king of Egypt to bring the
for Pharaoh king of Egypt to bring the
for Pharaoh king of Egypt to bring the children of Israel out of the land of
children of Israel out of the land of
children of Israel out of the land of Egypt
Egypt
Egypt [Music]
these are the heads of their fathers
these are the heads of their fathers houses the sons of Reuben the firstborn
houses the sons of Reuben the firstborn
houses the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were henyk Hal you hezron and
of Israel were henyk Hal you hezron and
of Israel were henyk Hal you hezron and Carmi these are the families of Reuben
Carmi these are the families of Reuben
Carmi these are the families of Reuben and the sons of Simeon were Jim ul Jamin
and the sons of Simeon were Jim ul Jamin
and the sons of Simeon were Jim ul Jamin Oh had jaqen zohar and show the son of a
Oh had jaqen zohar and show the son of a
Oh had jaqen zohar and show the son of a Canaanite woman these are the families
Canaanite woman these are the families
Canaanite woman these are the families of simeon these are the names of the
of simeon these are the names of the
of simeon these are the names of the sons of levi according to their
sons of levi according to their
sons of levi according to their generations
generations
generations Gershon Kohath and Merari and the years
Gershon Kohath and Merari and the years
Gershon Kohath and Merari and the years of the life of Levi were 137 the sons of
of the life of Levi were 137 the sons of
of the life of Levi were 137 the sons of Gershon were Lib nigh and shimmer
Gershon were Lib nigh and shimmer
Gershon were Lib nigh and shimmer according to their families and the sons
according to their families and the sons
according to their families and the sons of Kohath were Imran is her Hebron and
of Kohath were Imran is her Hebron and
of Kohath were Imran is her Hebron and Isaiah and the years of her life of
Isaiah and the years of her life of
Isaiah and the years of her life of Kohath were 133 the sons of near are a
Kohath were 133 the sons of near are a
Kohath were 133 the sons of near are a worm a lie and Musha these are the
worm a lie and Musha these are the
worm a lie and Musha these are the families of Levi according to their
families of Levi according to their
families of Levi according to their generations now Amran took for himself
generations now Amran took for himself
generations now Amran took for himself Jack Abed his father's sister as wife
Jack Abed his father's sister as wife
Jack Abed his father's sister as wife and she bore him Aaron and Moses and the
and she bore him Aaron and Moses and the
and she bore him Aaron and Moses and the years of the life of Imran were 137 the
years of the life of Imran were 137 the
years of the life of Imran were 137 the sons of is higher Bakura Nephi and
sons of is higher Bakura Nephi and
sons of is higher Bakura Nephi and Ziggler and the sons of Israel were
Ziggler and the sons of Israel were
Ziggler and the sons of Israel were Michelle as a fan and zip Frannie Aaron
Michelle as a fan and zip Frannie Aaron
Michelle as a fan and zip Frannie Aaron took to himself
took to himself
took to himself Elisha by daughter of a mini dad sister
Elisha by daughter of a mini dad sister
Elisha by daughter of a mini dad sister of nasha as wife and she bore him naydon
of nasha as wife and she bore him naydon
of nasha as wife and she bore him naydon a by hew Eleazar and Ithamar
a by hew Eleazar and Ithamar
a by hew Eleazar and Ithamar and the sons of korah were as a Cana and
and the sons of korah were as a Cana and
and the sons of korah were as a Cana and a biases these are the families of the
a biases these are the families of the
a biases these are the families of the corals Eleazar air and Sun took for
corals Eleazar air and Sun took for
corals Eleazar air and Sun took for himself one of the daughters of putea as
himself one of the daughters of putea as
himself one of the daughters of putea as wife and she bore him Phineas these are
wife and she bore him Phineas these are
wife and she bore him Phineas these are the heads of the father's houses of the
the heads of the father's houses of the
the heads of the father's houses of the Levites according to their families
Levites according to their families
Levites according to their families these are the same Aaron and Moses to
these are the same Aaron and Moses to
these are the same Aaron and Moses to whom the Lord said bring out the
whom the Lord said bring out the
whom the Lord said bring out the children of Israel from the land of
children of Israel from the land of
children of Israel from the land of Egypt according to their armies these
Egypt according to their armies these
Egypt according to their armies these are the ones who spoke to Pharaoh king
are the ones who spoke to Pharaoh king
are the ones who spoke to Pharaoh king of Egypt to bring out the children of
of Egypt to bring out the children of
of Egypt to bring out the children of Israel from Egypt these are the same
Israel from Egypt these are the same
Israel from Egypt these are the same Moses and Aaron and it came to pass on
Moses and Aaron and it came to pass on
Moses and Aaron and it came to pass on the day the Lord spoke to Moses in the
the day the Lord spoke to Moses in the
the day the Lord spoke to Moses in the land of Egypt that the Lord spoke to
land of Egypt that the Lord spoke to
land of Egypt that the Lord spoke to Moses saying I am the Lord speak to
Moses saying I am the Lord speak to
Moses saying I am the Lord speak to pharaoh king of egypt all that i say to
pharaoh king of egypt all that i say to
pharaoh king of egypt all that i say to you behold I am oven circumsized lips
you behold I am oven circumsized lips
you behold I am oven circumsized lips and how shall pharaoh heed me